# New Housing Starts in Canada## Overview### PurposeThe purpose of this analysis is create a machine learning model that will predict housing starts in Canada taking the commodity and economic factors into account. A number of data sources would be used for this analysis that are outlined in details below. Historical data on these factors would be gathered and incorporated into the model. The ### Description of the Source of Data* Under the category of commodities, the cost of lumber is one that has a major impact on housing starts.* Interest rates have an impact on the housing marketing and therefore they are linked to new housing starts. Hence that is another factor that will be incorporated into the model.* The overall health of the economy has an impact on housing starts. GDP is a commonly used economic indicator used to determine the health of the economy. Our initial assumption is that when the GDP is high, new housing starts in Canada will also be high. Hence, there is a direct relationship between new housing starts and GDP. This can be incorporated in the model to predict new housing starts* Government incentives is also a factor that would be taken into account. Tax credits, tax deductions and government subsidies would need to be taken into account. ### Questions that will be Answered The end uses would be able to use this data base to determine the number of new housing starts in Canada for a particular time period in the future. A dashboard will be created that will give used information on housing starts for different provinces in Canada based on the selected time period.### Description of Communication ProtocolsThe team will be using a private group in Slack to communicate regarding this project. 